What is it guys want KMAX an hour in this video we'll be reviewing all the things.
OK.
That comes in the product.
OK so we're going to review all of these right here.
OK.
And then we'll move forward.
OK so let's just add a product tray here.
I'm going to add super hoodies.
OK.
I'm just going to I'm here I'm just going to search for zipper booties OK.
And then here I also want to options to select if you want it for men or if you want it for them and
so I'm also going to show you how this is going to work mystically I'm going to show you how variable
products work and we will also be reviewing them.
OK.
So let's just come here.
Let's just add
delirium ipsum duck so I'm just going to go to Lipscombe Dotcom's Lancefield slice each team male and
I'm going to copy all of the thing from here.
OK let's just copy let's just come here and let's face it.
In the long description then let's come here like spaced some in the short descriptions I'm just going
to get here.
I'm going to drag it from here till here OK.
I'm going to come here and I'm going to get this.
So here we have the show a long description and then we have a short description.
And now here the most important thing starts so what we have to do is that we need to add an image.
We will be adding this later on.
OK.
But first let's just come here and let's look at it.
Think these things.
OK.
So basically this is called the regular praised this is called a seal price you guys already know about
it.
You guys also know about the virtual and the downloadable.
OK.
And then we have the deck status so if you want this product to be nontaxable so that if we add it into
the card then the tax will not be applied.
OK so taxes will be applied to shipping only and tax will be applied to none.
So you can just select that if someone buys this product.
We will not charge him the tax.
So you can just click here.
OK.
And clicking this not we don't have to select any of the text clause.
Stex clause is the standard that we chose in here.
If I just go to settings right here.
OK.
And then I go to the shipping the tax the tax one and then you can see that we added cost basically
OK if I just go to tetch right here then you can see that we have just write this.
So this is the one that is this stripping tax class and this is just said to standard and this is 10
or so.
That is why this is coming if we add more class like four different type of things like for mobile phones
there should be more tax so we can create a shebeen class for mobile specific mobile and for mobile.
It would charge them like 20 percent.
And for just normal shirts it would charge them for 15 percent so you can create a classes like this.
OK.
Now let's come here and let's go to the inventory.
This is called Mon mace.
Most important thing.
OK I showed you how the stock status work.
OK.
This is called basically stock keeping unit.
This is unique.
OK.
You can assign it to any product so since this is the zipper who is just going to go ahead I'm going
to hit the zipper Hoodie's OK.
And this is then you can add a color like zipper.
Who do you read.
OK.
Or something like that.
So you can see that this is.
Now I have given a short name or a short ID to a specific product.
I cannot add this one to any other product so I have given a short ID.
Now how this will work is that if this product is low on stock then it will give me this idea what I
can do.
I can just copy this ID I can go to all products.
OK.
And then what I have to do I have to base that ID in the search to that it just Krabbe the post.
It describes that from that ID that specific ID you can see filter products by category folder products
by product type.
Okay.
And then here in the search I'm just going to paste that category page that code basically which is
this.
OK.
And then it's going to grab that core that product and then it's going to give me you can see this is
the I.D. but we are assigning it a letters letter based ID bracelet of this is outworks.
Now we have the message.
OK.
So you guys already know about the Manage stock I have 20.
OK now we have the back Otter's.
What is this.
If I just bring my mouse here let's see if managing stock this controls whether or not bank orders are
out if unable start Kennedy can go below zero.
OK how this will work if that's if your stock is like out of stock OK.
And then back Otter's is allowed then people can still buy from your site.
And I would recommend you not to take this because why would you allow them to buy if your product is
not in stock.
OK so this is really very important.
Do not allow this.
OK.
You can also choose it to be like allow but notify customer that we are low in stock.
We do not we don't know if we get the product or not.
OK so if we did not get the product you will refund your amount so something like that okay.
But just choosing Do not allow.
We've just updated if you have more products.
Okay.
So now we have sold individually.
What this mean is that a person cannot buy two products at once.
OK.
So he can not buy two quantities OK.
So if I just check in the person I don't have the option to choose like he wants to products.
OK.
So he just have to buy it only one so you can call it like one single item per single user.
OK this is what I mean.
Now we have the shipping so we have the vaid K.G. like if you charge on a rate basis then you can sit
like that.
This is too K.G. so do K.G. will be applied.
Then we have the dimension so if you have like a big product you can charge them more for that so you
can just choose it in the shipping tab.
If I just go to Carmouche and then I go to settings right here.
OK.
And then I go to shipping right here.
So in the shipping I can just tell them OK if I just added this one right here then you can see that
we have this right here.
OK.
I can just come here I can edit it and you can see that the cost is right here is right here and calculation
is everything is right here.
So you can just change them anything.
OK.
We have this is the shipping cost.
This is the medium products.
This is the cost that we have here.
OK.
So quantity number the cards minimum fees and taxes and fees and everything.
So then we have the products shipping class right here as well.
OK you can go to many medium products minimum products.
Okay.
And then we have the shipping options and everything right here.
So you can basically control everything from here.
Okay.
I just go to minute shipping mattered.
And then come here and I just add a shipping method.
Okay.
And that is going to be a local pick up free shipping so I can also add the free shipping local pick
up and everything from here.
I'm just going to come here I'm going to hit Ed. And you can see that this is the cost and this is like
this.
This is the calculation right.
Okay.
So this is how it works.
I'm just going to come here I'm just going to I'm here and again see these are the shipping class.
I can select expensive products I can select medium products and they're going to charge them more.
So this is what I'm talking about.
OK.
Now we have dueling products.
How this selling product is going to work.
I'm going to tell you later on OK.
And we will be doing that checked out.
OK.
What is up so Apso means that if we just go to this product and it's going to show some related products
blowdown.
So this is called upswell and the cross sales mean that if a product is added to the cart yes if a product
is added to the card then in the card it will show them that you might also like section.
People can also buy related products from them so you can just go with this link products.
They help a lot to help a lot if if if you want to if you want your customers to buy more you can add
Dilling products.
And most of the companies uses their strategies.
Even Amazon if you just go to Amazon right here.
OK.
And then we open up any of the products and then the below section it's going to tell.
So if I just open up blue.
OK if I just open up this for a here and then I open up this.
OK.
If I just open this up and it's going to go down you can see I'm frequently bought together.
This is called cross-sell and this is called basically cross-sell and this is called upswell OK.
So you can also create a great product and then you can add it in the cross-sell.
I'm also going to show you how you can create a product.
This is basically a good product.
OK.
So I hope that everything is understandable to you.
And this is called the upswell so you can see sponsored more products related to this item.
OK so this is how it works.
So in the next.
So now we have the next section and that is the attributes and the advance.
OK.
So the advance section isn't always like this you can send a protégées note to the customer that we
have.
We have got your order and your orders being processed and if you need to if you need anything else
who can I suggest you can contact us you can e-mail us.
OK.
And then we have the manual auto show custom ordering position so like how it will work is that you
can just go with the sorting of the product and then in the sorting it's going to show that.
And then we have the last one and that is the Enable review.
So this should be checked because while you want to disable to review every product has the views of
every website uses the reviews.
OK you can see Amazon also uses.
So what I'm going to do right now I be going to basically understand variable products right now so
if I just go ahead I just add a product my.
OK.
I'm just going to add a product image right now.
OK let's grab that product.
Me too.
I'm just going to go to pick a made up column and then I'm going to grab that one.
So let's just search for.
OK.
And we need a full hoodie.
So this is the zipper based hoodie.
This one.
Yes.
Zipper zipper hoodie.
OK.
I'm just going to come here.
I'm just going to grab this one OK and then I'm going to hit this debt load.
So this is being downloaded right now.
I'm just going to come here.
I'm going to hit this and I'm going to upload it.
You can see this is uploaded and you're going to get said product image.
And this is right here let's just publish this post and let's just open this up.
OK.
I'm just going to hit a few products right now and you can see this is out.
So we have zipper hoodies.
We have this right here and we have everything
OK but we cannot buy this.
OK the reason is that I think we haven't added the product quantities that how much product we have.
I'm just going to come here.
I'm going to edit products and I hope if that is said to OK we basically haven't added the price so
that is why the add two card.
And it's not right here.
So I'm just going to come here.
I'm going to add 25 bucks.
OK.
And now I'm going to hit a trade now and let's open this up OK.
So this is how you can see that a product is looking OK.
We have this we have 20 in stock and we have everything coming.
If I just come here I go down and then I go to the shipping Oh sorry in mentary and then I choose a
zero right here because we don't have anything in this stock.
I'm just going to update it and I'm going to come here and I'm going to hit refresh.
OK.
I'm just going to refresh this.
Is it eight.
Let's go now let's go to the inventory.
OK.
I I use the eight.
I'm just going to I'm here I'm going to hit zero and I'm going to update it right now.
So let's just come here and let's refresh this.
You can see this is out-of-stock and the two card it is not appearing.
So this is how it works.
OK.
I'm just going to come here.
I'm just going to go down and let's add some in the inventory.
Because I want 25 in my stock.
So now we will be talking about how variable product works.
What is a variable product variable product.
It's like if I am a guy OK then I want to select a main product.
OK.
And if I am moving in that I'm going to select that I want it for like fulfillment.
So I'm like this if I won the cream color Elssler green if I want blue color I'm going to select blue.
So we want to show the options.
OK.
So many of the Web sites uses this even Eby also uses this.
Let me show you.
OK.
I'm just going to come here.
I'm going to hit this right now and let's just search for Hootie.
You can see these are related tags coming right here.
And then if I open any of them right here let's just open this one.
OK.
Here we go.
You can see that we have color.
OK.
And then we have this size and then we have the quantity.
So this is how this type of work.
So I want to add these type of options to my website.
So how can people select the size how can people select the color.
OK.
So we'll be doing that in this video OK.
So let's just come here and let's select it to be the video product because we want to add the variations.
OK.
And what is the variation of variations are called Basically them like that.
The variable productus.
So if it's like black you can see the black is appearing.
And if you select this to XXL the price is also increasing.
OK so we can vary the product from them.
OK I'm just going to come here.
I'm just going to come here and first of all I have to come here to attribute the variations of the
attribute.
And then here I want to add the custom product attribute make sure that this is right here.
I'm just going to click ad right now.
OK.
And then here I'm going to choose the name.
So the name is going to be like color ok the color and then we have used for variations.
Make sure that this is checked so that we can go to the variation in SAP and we can add them in that
like vich colored they want.
I'm just going to hit this and then we have the colors show first colors green to be blue.
OK let's just choose the first colors to be green.
OK.
And then we have the blue.
And then we have the Chri.
So make sure that that you choose just like this.
You have to add this separator to separate every of the category or the very variation right here.
So is going to hit save attributes right now.
OK.
And then I have to go to the variations step.
Make sure to understand this guys because this is so easy.
But I know it will be so confusing to you even it was confusing to me when I just started this plug
in and I was just working with it.
So that is why I'm telling you that you have to come up so you have to just select you have to click
Create variation from all the attributes because you want to create the variation for this this this.
And the main would be this.
OK.
So I'm just going to I'm here I'm going to hit to the variation and then I'm going to hit create variation
from all the attributes.
I can also select a variation on I can hit go but I need the variations from the attributes that we
have at it.
I'm just going to hit go and on the go it is showing that.
Are you sure you want to link all variations.
I'm going to hit OK.
I just want to add it OK and I can see three variations has been added.
So here would be the variations I have green blue and gray.
OK.
So first one is green and the second one is blue and the third one is great.
So I'm just going to expand right now and you can see everything is expanded so I can also just click
close and I can expand that myself and my mouse right here if I want.
What's up.
Let's just come here and let's expand it individually.
So here we have like you can see that we have three separated products created by the are now in here.
So that person can select and we can also change the product image for a green color.
We can also change the regular price for the color.
They can also change the in-stock like we can also change that how many we have in stock.
They can also change the base and everything from here.
So let's just come here and you can also select manage stock in this quantity.
We'll be right here.
So give like the regular price from here.
So for green we would charge them $20.
OK.
And for like if I just click here.
You can also change the image.
I'm going to show you how it's going to work.
OK.
And for Blue.
I need different price.
So here I need the regular price to be like we have chosen here $20 show for this and it's a regular
price to be 25.
Because Blue is a great color or something like that.
Or so for this I need the image to be changed so if someone chooses the blue then we want to show him
this guy because this guy is also wearing a hoodie not a hoodie.
He's wearing a shirt.
But we want to tell them that this is the hoodie that you're going to get.
OK.
Now I'm going to go down and begin also at a sale price to it like if you buy the blue we are selling
it to you for $50.
OK.
I'm just going to come here.
I'm just going to go to the one right here.
And the gray is basically out-of-stock.
OK.
We have the price for it but this is out of stock.
So this is like $30 OK.
And we can also add an image so far.
Trey I think really is this one.
It's just sheer variation.
So I'm just going to get hit save changes and now everything is changed.
I'm just going to come here and I'm going to hit a dog right now so you can see that the product has
been updated.
I'm just going to go ahead.
I'm going to get the product in the new tab and let's have a look at her.
Say you can see that we have these colors right here.
We have super hoodies and these are the product from variations that we have a sale product that is
if I just go through the variations again and again see that the blue one is 415 and the green one is
for 20 and this one which is out of stock but this is still added and this is 230.
So if I just come here and I just said choose options you can see that we have green twenty five in
stock and $20.
OK.
The colors say if I just liked blue you can see 15 in stock and the image is also changed.
OK 20.
$15 sorry $25 is the original price.
OK.
And if we select gray You can see this is right here.
But this is showing 25 in stock.
OK.
What I have to do I have just come here.
I'm just going to go to the inventory.
Let's just click here and let's just hit this.
OK.
We don't have to select the product from here and it's going to go to the variations right here and
let's select it from here.
OK.
I'm just going to come here and I'm going to hit up Detroit now.
So let's have a look at this.
Let's just refresh this OK.
And if I just come here and I just sit this you can see this is added but we chose that.
We don't have anything in the product so let's just come here.
Let's just go down.
Let's just go to the variations.
OK again let's just go here to the tree OK.
We have selected the this is in-stock OK and then choose the out-of-stock.
I'm just going to select it and I'm going to hit a date right now again.
OK so gray is basically out-of-stock.
OK.
I'm just going to come here.
I'm going to rephrase this right now.
Here we have this.
If I choose this you can see out-of-stock and I cannot buy it.
This is what I wanted to show.
So you can see every time I change the color the image is also changing and everything is changing.
OK so now we have also learned that how can we create variations for different type of products.
OK.
You can also create two editions.
I'm going to show you how can you create two variations in the next video so stadium guys and in the
next one you will begin to learn how to create two variations.
And then we're also going to learn what are the products how can be added for products and then we're
going to design the site.
OK.
And then we're going to add some dumb products into a website and then we're going to move forward to
CD.
And good.